hey ladies and gentlemen my name is
Thelma and I want to talk about Mike
Epps gold ham yes the comedian Mike Epps
was recently recorded going ham on his
daughter well his daughter was one that
recorded the exchange between his self
and her the problem I have with this is
these damn turn these days it was all
basically over his daughter Briana Bria
whatever the little devilish child named
he is wanted Mike Epps to pay for her
school by way of giving her the cash so
she can go and pay forward you see the
problem right there is the little girl
probably wanted the money to go splurge
to go buy something and it wasn't gonna
go towards her edumacation so a lot of
people was getting upset because he
called her a bitch he said and that cool
I fuck you up bitch I'll beat yo ass he
also calls her a devil he calls his
daughter devil hola now listen to this
here what I'm singing is a lot of
parents out there beat the hell are they
kids and they have a whole lot of wild
outlandish colorful audio to go along
with that ass whooping now for people
that don't whip their kids for people
that a lot of kids to do whatever the
fuck they want to do of course you'll be
pissed off because you don't know what
type of discipline it takes to be a
parent these days you're gonna be upset
you're gonna be mad and say oh my god he
is a worse parent in the world let me
remind you
he's a comedian a very well-paid
comedian that dad I think a lot of times
when you turn and grow up and they just
so happened to be raised in a situation
where daddy got money daddy right nice
cause that you automatically think that
you have an entitlement to that dirt
pump yo brakes you ain't entitled to a
damn thing because by law all I got to
do is feed and clothe your ass none of
that food has to be luxurious none of
those clothes have to be name-brand you
understand what I'm saying so I think
it's a little sense that the terms get
spoiled did you understand what I'm
saying and that's okay it's okay to
spoil your turns but when they start
smelling themselves and thinking that
they are supposed to get something fuck
that you understand what I'm saying well
Mike Epps I think you did the right
thing now when a nationally-known
paparazzi group caught up with Mike Epps
outside us some building or whatever he
said man is hard being a father
especially a father of a teenage child
you understand and he also said and I
quote but I love you Bree that's his
daughter's name so of course when we get
pissed off we get mad at our chances we
say a whole lot of words but we still
love them and if you fuck with them
we'll take your head off shit down your
throat nigga real deep hole and bury you
in it and whenever we feel the urge to
pee we r dig you up and piss all over
you that was real colorful wouldn't it
this is still must testimonial thank
y'all for checking me out I'm here ever
it's Sunday so don't forget to Like
comment and share that's my time all
right y'all bye bye